What if they were unable to wake from that dream?
How would you know the difference between the dream and the real?
It's the question that drives us here.
What is the matrix?
It is the world that has been pulled over your eyes to blind you from the truth.
And it's the question that drives us here.
What is the matrix?
It is the world that has been pulled over your eyes to blind you from the truth.
You are a slave born into a prison for your mind.
The matrix is a system meal.
That system is our enemy.
Try to realize the truth.
But truth.
There is no spirit.
Human beings are diseased.
A cancer of this planet to your plague.
And we are the cure.
So your hair is saved in the world.
I'm trying to free your mind near.
But I can only show you the dome.
You're the one that has to walk through it.
It seems that you've been living two lives.
I've seen an agent punch through a concrete wall.
Men have emptied entire clips of them and hit nothing but air.
Everyone who was fought an agent has died.
But where they have failed, you will succeed.
So do you need guns?
Lots of guns.
No one has ever done anything like this.
That's why it's going to work.
Master Anders.
Are you trying to tell me that I can dodge bullets?
No, be it.
Trying to tell you that when you're ready, you won't have to.
What?